Update active-directory-ds-admin-guide-configure-secure-ldap.md (#31923)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory-domain-services/active-directory-ds-admin-guide-configure-secure-ldap.md

### Option A (Recommended) - Obtain a secure LDAP certificate from a certification authority
If your organization obtains its certificates from a public CA, obtain the secure LDAP certificate from that public CA. If you deploy an enterprise CA, obtain the secure LDAP certificate from the enterprise CA.

> Certificate must be a Wild Card certificates in order to match the Fully Qualified Domain Name (FQDN) of the host Domain Controller machines created behind the AzureAD Domain Services. Given that our DC names are random and we can add/remove DCs as needed to ensure we meet SLA,  Wild Card certificates requirement is by design right now.

Reviewer: Recommend changing to the following:

```suggestion
Due to naming conventions and potential frequency of changes, you may want to obtain a wild card certificate from the CA that matches the Fully Qualified Domain Name (FQDN) of the host Domain Controller machines created behind the Azure AD Domain Services.
```

If this, or you own similar changes, get updated, we can merge and publish.
